# Progress Report

**12 Feb 2021 - 19 Feb 2021**

# Summary

This week the team began with its new meeting structure that consisted of conferencing via Zoom for collaborative work on any weekday that there was not a company meeting. This new structure brought not only increased productivity from the team as a whole but also created for a better channel to communicate progress and roadblocks. During these periods of work the team began to flesh out a comparative feature document for the top software companies/startups around the country. They also began to create forks of the magic eightball repository to iterate on applying security features to the site. In the coming week, the operations team will complete the feature diagram, continue iterations on applying and documenting security features for GCP hosted web apps, and service any cloud resource requests from the student developers.  

# Operation Interns

## Tate Richardson

1. What progress have I made this week?

* My city is Portland, so I'm researching companies in their "Silicon Forest."  Did NVidia.

* Looked over magic8ball code though haven't added anything yet.

* Helping groups with their issues, which seem to be few so far.

2. What is my plan for the week ahead?

* Find two more smaller companies than NVidia.

* Help group members as needed.

* Work toward getting site set up on GCS w/ db.

3. What are the obstacles hindering me?

* Time and stress management, but that's really a given.

* Snowstorm has slowed progress in many things requiring electricity/internet.

## Victoria Ludwig

1. What progress have I made this week?

I was able to research various tech companies in Nashville and determine what kinds of technologies they are using on their sites. This information will be important in determining what type of technologies we should use on our Lunatic Labs website.

2. What is my plan for the week ahead?

I intend to link my Magic Eighball project to Google Cloud Services in order to apply SSL certification to the project. I also will work with students with any help they need, especially with Google Cloud Servies.

3. What are the obstacles hindering me?

I was at first unable to understand and use the Linux command line in Google Cloud, but I am able to proficently work with it now.


## Zach Jacobs

1. What progress have I made this week?

Worked at researching various companies in Boston, MA to see what their web presence is like I ended up settling with Toast and Acquia. I filled out the tool stack spreadsheet for both of them.

2. What is my plan for the week ahead?

I intend to find one more company to research. Search criteria will be more focused on smaller scale companies. We may also work on SSL certification on the previous ops challenge.

3. What are the obstacles hindering me?


There are no current obstacles.


### ADMIN NOTES

-None at this time

