# Progress Report

**21 Jan 2021 - 28 Jan 2021**

# Summary

This week the team received an initial onboarding to weekly operating procedures. All interns did a great job in adhering to the new guidance set out for company meetings in the new Operations Intern document drafted by the Ops Manager and located on the LL GitHub. With the establishment of the #internal-ops channel (Slack) the team now has a designated place for collaboration and inter-team correspondance. The Ops Manager and Advisors drafted the first Operations challenge to be completed by the team that required them to host a magic eight ball question answering website on Google Cloud Services. The team's progress on this challenge has been largely research and the completion of cloud service tutorials, curating these resources for the later use of the student developers. A basic html frame has also been completed for the website itself. The team discovered that the use of GCP had been disabled on the mail.lipscomb domain and continued to experiment through the use of personal accounts. Due to this limitation the LL Advisors have decided to switch gears and turn to the AWS platform for cloud services. In the coming week the interns will attempt to complete the Magic Eight Ball website and host it on an AWS service, cataloging all learning materials used in the creation of the site.

# Operation Interns

## Tate Richardson

1. What progress have I made this week?

    * Getting acquainted with how all this is working
    * Applied to Google Cloud Services
    * Found out why I wasn't in any groups (fix pending)

1. What is my plan for the week ahead?

    * Work with team to finish 8-ball challenge
    * Take reasonable action to get assigned to groups and get up to speed on
    their progress
    * Become familiar with GCS

1. What are the obstacles hindering me?

    * Have not been approved for GCS yet
    * Being remote-only makes this more difficult (but family comes first)
    * Been done with school work but bad luck in job market;
    over 1.5 years since I've had anything resembling school or a full-time job
    * Had an intense experience this past weekend that I'm still trying to process;
    I'm okay, but it's very difficult to concentrate at the moment

## Victoria Ludwig

1. What progress have I made this week?

-Signed up for Google cloud, got acquainted with it

-Downloaded mySQL for storage

-Crafted some html code for a basic magic eightball website

1. What is my plan for the week ahead?

-Host a static website (I own vludwig.com through Google Domains but having trouble using that domain name instead of google.sites... etc)

-Learn more advanced JavaScript

-Be able to link the website and the bucket


1. What are the obstacles hindering me?

-Google domains is not allowing me to own the domain name, even though I bought it

-Learning more advanced JavaScript

## Zach Jacobs

1. What progress have I made this week?

1. What is my plan for the week ahead?

1. What are the obstacles hindering me?

### ADMIN NOTES

- Ticket for GSuite permissions to utilize G-Cloud submitted 25 Jan 21

